Edited "Set-Cookie" page for clarity and consistency (#9504)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/set-cookie/index.md

Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; Secure
Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; HttpOnly

> Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; SameSite=<samesite-value>

Reviewer: We have noticed that users like to be able to cut and paste as much as possible. So when facing an enumerated value, we prefer to list all the possibilities.
```suggestion
Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; SameSite=Strict
Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; SameSite=Lax
Set-Cookie: <cookie-name>=<cookie-value>; SameSite=None; Secure
```

- `Path=<path-value>` {{optional_inline}}

  - : Indicates the path that _must_ exist in the requested URL for the browser to send the `Cookie` header.

    The forward slash (`/`) character is interpreted as a directory separator,
    and subdirectories are matched as well. For example, for `Path=/docs`,
    - the request paths `/docs`, `/docs/`, `/docs/Web/`, and `/docs/Web/HTTP` will all match.
    - the request paths `/`, `/docsets`, `/fr/docs` will not match.

- `Secure` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : Inidcates that the cookie is sent to the server only when a request is made with the `https:` scheme (except on localhost), and therefore, is more resistent to [man-in-the-middle](/en-US/docs/Glossary/MitM) attacks.

Reviewer: Typos

```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the cookie is sent to the server only when a request is made with the `https:` scheme (except on localhost), and therefore, is more resistant to [man-in-the-middle](/en-US/docs/Glossary/MitM) attacks.
```

    > **Note:** Do not assume that `Secure` prevents all access to sensitive information in cookies (session keys, login details, etc.). Cookies with this attribute can still be read/modified either with access to the client's hard disk or from JavaScript if the `HttpOnly` cookie attribute is not set.
    >

>     > Insecure sites (`http:`) cannott set cookies with the `Secure` attribute (since Chrome 52 and Firefox 52). For Firefox, the `https:` requirements are ignored when the `Secure` attribute is set by localhost (since Firefox 75).

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
    > Insecure sites (`http:`) cannot set cookies with the `Secure` attribute (since Chrome 52 and Firefox 52). For Firefox, the `https:` requirements are ignored when the `Secure` attribute is set by localhost (since Firefox 75).
```

- `HttpOnly` {{optional_inline}}
  - : Forbids JavaScript from accessing the cookie, for example, through the {{domxref("Document.cookie")}} property. Note that a cookie that has been created with `HttpOnly` will still be sent with JavaScript-initiated requests, for example, when calling {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest.send()")}} or {{domxref("fetch()")}}. This mitigates attacks against cross-site scripting ({{Glossary("Cross-site_scripting", "XSS")}}).
- `SameSite=<samesite-value>` {{optional_inline}}

  - : Controls whether or not a cookie is sent with cross-origin requests,
    providing some protection against cross-site request forgery attacks ({{Glossary("CSRF")}}).

>     The possible atrribute value are: `Strict`, `Lax`, and `None`.

Reviewer: Typos
```suggestion
    The possible attribute values are: `Strict`, `Lax`, and `None`.
```
